okay so apple just announced a whole
bunch of new hardware including
four new phones they have two iphone 12s
and two
iphone 12 pros and it's i think the most
number of phones they've ever put out in
a single event
but i just got to say the video
production during this
show was just on another level like they
seemingly built a whole
house to showcase the homepod mini it
was on a set
right but there's just so much effort it
was i thought it was really cool i was
impressed by it
okay onto these phones so it seems like
the bulk of the upgrades this year
are for the iphone 12 and the iphone 12
mini the
kind of mid-range phones from apple and
it's nice to see because if you look at
the iphone 11 this is their
their current mid-range phone this is
the number one selling phone in the
world i think they sold 37
million units of these things in the
first half of this year a lot of people
have this phone
it's clearly a very popular phone and
it's nice to see apple focus
their efforts on that price category not
just like the super high-end stuff that
they sell not just the pro models
so iphone 12 and the iphone 12 mini they
start at 700
for the mini and 800 for the regular 12.
it's a new design new shape new colors
and
the 12 like the regular 12 is thinner
smaller and lighter than the
existing iphone 11. it's just a smaller
package in a
new type of form factor but the biggest
upgrade the most important upgrade that
we're seeing this year
is finally an oled screen on these
mid-rangers so
we have oled displays that are brighter
with higher contrast ratios better
colors
and higher resolution than what was on
the iphone 11. these
oled displays are going to be in both
the iphone 12 as well as the
iphone 12 mini and i think because of
these screens
most people will be really satisfied
with this kind of mid-tier
mid-range phone from apple like that was
one of the issues with
the iphone 11 right it was a great phone
a lot of stuff they did right on it
but because there was such a big
discrepancy between the screens
between the 11 and 11 pro it was tough
for people to make that decision right
like people want that better screen
because you're just looking at it all
the time
but because these iphone 12s have way
better screens now than they used to
i think it's gonna be the phone of
choice for a lot of people now i want to
talk about the iphone 12 mini for a
second here
this is a tiny phone like if you
compared to the iphone se
which was already a very small phone
this is even smaller like it's a mini
phone it truly is an iphone 12 mini
and i'm excited for it i'm excited to
see how this thing turns out
the one concern i have about it is the
battery life
like when you have something this small
there's only so much room you have in
there for a battery but
hopefully apple gives this thing a
respectable battery life
other things i'm interested in number
one the magnets on the back they call it
magsafe and it allows
these phones to take on a whole bunch of
accessories so you have cases
and chargers and wallets that can snap
onto the back of your phones
through a system of magnets it's
interesting but we'll see how that plays
out and number two
this is way more important it's that new
ceramic shield
in these screens it's tech where they've
supposedly grown
very small ceramic crystals inside the
glass layer to make these screens way
more durable and it supposedly has
four times better drop performance than
previous screens on
iphones and if you think about the
number of iphones out there with cracked
screens and just damaged glass
that's that's a really that's a really
nice tech to have in a smartphone
we'll see how it actually performs
though now there's other stuff they've
improved on so they have the
new a14 bionic chip with better gpu
performance and better machine learning
performance
and they also have a new upgraded camera
systems it's still got two lenses
but the ultrawide now supports low light
photos which is nice to see
and the software i'm sure has been
improved across the whole camera system
now on to the iphone 12 pro and the
iphone 12 pro max
so these two phones the focus seemingly
is
on the camera system i mean the phone
has been fully refreshed it's a whole
new shape
whole new design bigger screens bigger
phones it is a very different phone from
the iphone 11 pro but doesn't seem as
big of a jump
as the 11 to the 12 this year the one
thing that that was kind of neat was
that new gold color
it seems to be like the most gold phone
i've ever seen it actually looks
like a bar of gold it's super yellow for
the people that are into that gold
look but that iphone 12 pro max with its
lighter
sensor and its improved optics is it's
going to be something that i got to test
out
it looks really cool right in the videos
it just makes it look like it's shooting
some
high level photography but yeah i got to
see that thing with my own eyes
now during the presentation they talked
a lot about 5g like they went ham on
that thing
it seems a little like over the top but
at the same time
i get it like people that are buying
these phones they don't just buy them
year on year right if you're picking up
one of these phones chances are it's
gonna last several years
5g isn't great right now everyone knows
that but in like two three years time i
think 5g will be
fantastic so i feel like these phones
are kind of setting them up
in the right direction um other things i
want to talk about they did not mention
120 hertz screens at all
it's something that you and i probably
picked up on because we're tech
enthusiasts we care about this stuff but
i think the vast majority of this world
does not care at all about high refresh
screens
so we'll just have to keep waiting now
the charger this was something that you
know they there were rumors in the
summer that apple wouldn't include
charges in their box
and i remember thinking that it was
strange right and i was like oh that's a
little bit unfortunate
but seeing that presentation the way
that they address it right
by not having a charger we can make our
boxes smaller and we're removing the
equivalent of like
half a million cars off the road if you
think of the environmental impact that
450 000 cars have on the planet every
year it is massive
like i don't know if the math really
checks out but if that's for real
and apple's removal of these charge
bricks and ear buds have
you know that type of impact i'm all for
it clearly there's going to be people
that are
bothered by it and upset by it because
you know you're missing some
pretty useful accessories but that's a
lot of
that's a lot of cars off the road from
this move okay what do you guys think
what do you think of these phones what
do you think the event
let me know hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs if you
loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you